Update all.md (#2459)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/promise/terms/all/all.md

---
Title: '.all()'

> Description: "The .all() method in JavaScript Promises helps us work with multiple tasks at once. It takes a group of tasks (Promises) and returns a new Promise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Takes a group of tasks (Promises) and returns a new Promise.'
```
Descriptions in the metadata are not multi-line.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Delete blank line.

> When using `.all()`, the tasks start together and wait for all of them to finish. `.all()` gives a Promise that contains the results of all the tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Delete line

> When we use .all(), all the tasks start together, and .all() waits for all of them to finish. It gives us a Promise that contains the results of all the tasks.

Reviewer 2: [Proofreading/Nitpick] According to the [style guide](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/style-guide.md#writing-entries), pronouns(e.g., I, we, us, our, they, you, he, she) can't be used. 
```suggestion
When using `.all()`, the tasks start together and wait for all of them to finish. `.all()` gives a Promise that contains the results of all the tasks.
```

  - 'paths/full-stack-engineer-career-path'
---

> The .all() method in JavaScript Promises helps us work with multiple tasks at once. It takes a group of tasks (Promises) and returns a new Promise.
> 
> When we use .all(), all the tasks start together, and .all() waits for all of them to finish. It gives us a Promise that contains the results of all the tasks.

Reviewer 2: [Proofreading/Nitpick] These two lines share the same issue as line 5. Refer to [my feedback from there](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/pull/2459/files#r1225974895) to help you.
```suggestion
The .all() method in JavaScript Promises helps us work with multiple tasks at once. It takes a group of tasks (Promises) and returns a new Promise.

When we use .all(), all the tasks start together, and .all() waits for all of them to finish. It gives us a Promise that contains the results of all the tasks.
```

  - 'paths/full-stack-engineer-career-path'
---

> The .all() method in JavaScript Promises helps us work with multiple tasks at once. It takes a group of tasks (Promises) and returns a new Promise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.all()`** method in JavaScript Promises helps in working with multiple tasks at once. It takes a group of tasks (Promises) and returns a new Promise.
```
No first- or second- person pronouns.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Delete blank line

> When we use .all(), all the tasks start together, and .all() waits for all of them to finish. It gives us a Promise that contains the results of all the tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `.all()`, all the tasks start together, and `.all()` waits for all of them to finish. It returns a Promise that contains the results of all the tasks.
```
No first- or second-person pronouns in Docs.

```js
const fetchUserData = () => {
  return new Promise((resolve) => {
    // Simulating API call
    setTimeout(() => {
      const userData = { id: 1, name: 'John Doe', email: 'john.doe@example.com' };
      resolve(userData);
    }, 2000);
  });
};

const fetchProductData = () => {
  return new Promise((resolve) => {
    // Simulating API call
    setTimeout(() => {
      const productData = { id: 123, name: 'Example Product', price: 19.99 };
      resolve(productData);
    }, 1500);
  });
};

const fetchOrderData = () => {
  return new Promise((resolve) => {
    // Simulating API call
    setTimeout(() => {
      const orderData = { id: 456, products: ['Example Product'], total: 19.99 };
      resolve(orderData);
    }, 1000);
  });
};

Promise.all([fetchUserData(), fetchProductData(), fetchOrderData()])
  .then((results) => {
    const [userData, productData, orderData] = results;
    console.log('User Data:', userData);
    console.log('Product Data:', productData);
    console.log('Order Data:', orderData);
  })
  .catch((error) => {
    console.log('Error occurred:', error);
  });

```
## Explanation

> In this example, we have three functions (fetchUserData(), fetchProductData(), and fetchOrderData()) that simulate API calls with a delay using setTimeout(). Each function returns a Promise that resolves with the respective data.
> 
> We use Promise.all() to execute these promises in parallel and wait for all of them to resolve. The .then() callback receives an array of resolved values in the same order as the input promises. We destructure the array to extract the user data, product data, and order data, and log them to the console.

Reviewer 2: [Proofreading/Nipick] Refer to [my comment on line 5](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/pull/2459/files#r1225974895). It shares the same issue as this line.  
```suggestion
In this example, we have three functions (fetchUserData(), fetchProductData(), and fetchOrderData()) that simulate API calls with a delay using setTimeout(). Each function returns a Promise that resolves with the respective data.

We use Promise.all() to execute these promises in parallel and wait for all of them to resolve. The .then() callback receives an array of resolved values in the same order as the input promises. We destructure the array to extract the user data, product data, and order data, and log them to the console.
```

## Example

Working with multiple Promise objects to perform parallel API requests:

```js
const fetchUserData = () => {
  return new Promise((resolve) => {
    // Simulating API call
    setTimeout(() => {
      const userData = { id: 1, name: 'John Doe', email: 'john.doe@example.com' };
      resolve(userData);
    }, 2000);
  });
};

const fetchProductData = () => {
  return new Promise((resolve) => {
    // Simulating API call
    setTimeout(() => {
      const productData = { id: 123, name: 'Example Product', price: 19.99 };
      resolve(productData);
    }, 1500);
  });
};

const fetchOrderData = () => {
  return new Promise((resolve) => {
    // Simulating API call
    setTimeout(() => {
      const orderData = { id: 456, products: ['Example Product'], total: 19.99 };
      resolve(orderData);
    }, 1000);
  });
};

Promise.all([fetchUserData(), fetchProductData(), fetchOrderData()])
  .then((results) => {
    const [userData, productData, orderData] = results;
    console.log('User Data:', userData);
    console.log('Product Data:', productData);
    console.log('Order Data:', orderData);
  })
  .catch((error) => {
    console.log('Error occurred:', error);
  });

```

> ## Explanation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Remove the header.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Delete blank line.

> In this example, we have three functions (fetchUserData(), fetchProductData(), and fetchOrderData()) that simulate API calls with a delay using setTimeout(). Each function returns a Promise that resolves with the respective data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, there are three functions (`fetchUserData()`, `fetchProductData()`, and `fetchOrderData()`) that simulate API calls with a delay using `setTimeout()`. Each function returns a Promise that resolves with the respective data.
```
No first- or second- person pronouns in Docs.

> We use Promise.all() to execute these promises in parallel and wait for all of them to resolve. The .then() callback receives an array of resolved values in the same order as the input promises. We destructure the array to extract the user data, product data, and order data, and log them to the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Promise.all()` executes these promises in parallel and waits for all of them to resolve. The `.then()` callback receives an array of resolved values in the same order as the input promises. The example destructures the array to extract the user data, product data, and order data, and log them to the console.
```
No first- or second-person pronouns in Docs.
